# [otHeadingText]
Organizations should exhibit caution when using automated data flow mapping tools that use active scanning or require network monitoring (e.g., in-line network probes) on their systems. Use should be limited during a build to when the machine operator determines that the tool can run safely. Manufacturing processes may be highly sensitive to disruptions. In such cases, a disruption can cause injury to humans or severe damage to the machine and its operating environment.

Mapping data flows between the organization and external systems using TCP/IP should be prioritized since a distributed manufacturing process generally has more exposure to attacks. If the machine architecture is distributed, for example, a printer networked with a controller PC over Ethernet, data flows should be mapped. Such data includes, for example, sensor data flowing from the printer to the controller PC. 

Mapping data flows within low-level components, typically using proprietary communication protocols, can be de-prioritized in most cases. Low-level serial connections are much more challenging for an attacker to get to. Because of their complexity, attacks are  more likely to occur at a higher level. Also, automated mapping tools are less likely to be capable of capturing details from non-IP-based networked devices. If necessary, data flows between serially connected components can be documented manually.

Organizations may also want to consider physically inspecting Additive Manufacturing network connections or analyzing network logs to document the network architecture, especially if the network is not large or complicated. Incorporating network activity monitoring may help organizations identify the addition or removal of devices within the environment between planned scanning activities.

To reduce false positive and nuisance alarms of anomalies and events, organizations should establish their Additive Manufacturing system's alerting thresholds based on baselines of normal network traffic and data flows in addition to normal human and manufacturing process behavior.