<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 2.0 Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_j5h_xwt_pbc" >
    <title>Asset Management (ID.AM)</title>
    <topic id="gen-id.am" audience="general">
        <title>Supplemental Guidance</title>
        <body>
            <p>The ability for organizations to properly and consistently identify and manage data, personnel, devices, systems, and facilities based on their relative importance provides a foundational capability to support an organizational cybersecurity program. Additionally, updating inventory information when components are added, removed, or changed (e.g., patched, new firmware installed, component swapped during maintenance) helps organizations accurately manage their overall environmental risks. Organizations should consider including the following to support their asset management capability:
                <ul>
                    <li>Unique identifiers to differentiate and track assets</li>
                    <li>Hardware inventory management to track computing and network devices within the environment, including device details and location. Device details may include vendor, model, serial number, purchase information, and manufacturing/build information (e.g., provenance information).</li>
                    <li>Software and firmware inventory management to track the software and firmware installed with the OT components, including version numbers, location information, and software bill of materials (SBOM)</li>
                    <li>Vendor information to establish a repository of vendor information, points of contact, warranty information, locations of recall, and update information</li>
                    <li>Documented roles and responsibilities to identify specific individuals, teams, or organization groups who represent the asset owner and those with operation, maintenance, and cybersecurity roles and responsibilities</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </body>
    </topic>
    <topic id="ot-id.am" audience="ot">
        <title>OT-Specific Recommendations and Guidance</title>
        <body>
            <p>Organizations should consider the criticality of a complete and accurate asset inventory for managing risk within the OT environment. Accurate inventory information supports multiple risk management objectives, including risk assessment, vulnerability management, and obsolescence tracking. </p>
            <p>While automated tools for supporting asset management are generally preferable, organizations should consider how the tool collects information and whether the collection method (e.g., active scanning) may have a negative impact on their OT systems. Performing a test using the automated asset management tools on offline systems or components is recommended prior to deployment within the OT production environment. When automated tools are not feasible due to network architectures or other OT environment issues, the organization should consider manual processes for maintaining a current inventory.</p>
        </body>   
    </topic>
</topic>
