<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="id_am_01">
    <title>ID.AM-01</title>
    <body>
        <section>
            <title><keyword keyref="L"/></title>
            <p>Document an inventory of manufacturing system components that reflects the current system.</p>
            <p>Manufacturing system components include for example PLCs, sensors, actuators, robots, machine tools, firmware, network switches, routers, power supplies, and other networked components or devices. System component inventory is reviewed and updated as defined by the organization.</p>
            <p>Information deemed necessary for effective accountability of manufacturing system components includes, for example, hardware inventory specifications, component owners, networked components or devices, machine names and network addresses. Inventory specifications include, for example, manufacturer, device type, model, serial number, and physical location.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><keyword keyref="M"/></title>
            <p>Identify individuals who are both responsible and accountable for administering manufacturing system components.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><keyword keyref="H"/></title>
            <p>Identify mechanisms for detecting the presence of unauthorized hardware and firmware components within the manufacturing system. Where safe and feasible, these mechanisms should be automated.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
